CHAPTER 1
    In this chapter main functionality is described.

1.1 Main window
    The main window of FVM2 is splitted to 3 parts: code, control and virtual
    machine's window.

1.2 Menu
    Important choices of menu are File->Open and File->Save that provide
    functionality of loading source code from disk and saving it to disk
    respectively.

1.3 Virtual machine selection
    Control part of main window contains a frame with list of supported
    virtual machines. Double click on an item activates respective machine.

1.4 Virtual machine's window
    This part of the main window appears only after selection of virtual
    machine. View of this additional window is machine-specific and provided
    by respective module. Usually it contains "memory" of machine.

1.5 Editing of code
    Code part consists of 2 elements: area with code and line for execution
    single command.
    FVM2 supports highlighting of syntax when virtual machine provides
    keywords. Line that will be executed next is highlited with gray color and
    lines with breakpoints are highlighted with red color.
    While execution of main program a single command may be executed. For this
    type command in the line just under the area with code and press enter.
    Note, machine must be running in order to execute single command.
    Line for typing single command saves history of commands. You can get
    previously typed commands by pressing up.

1.6 Execution of code

    1.6.1 Modes
          There are two modes: step mode and continuous mode.
          In continuous mode result is shown only when execution is finished
          or interruped. You can switch machine to step mode while running in
          continuous mode.
          In step mode the only one command is executed and intermediate
          result is shown.

    1.6.2 Hotkeys
          F5 - set breakpoint
          F6 - set breakpoint and continue execution in continuous mode
          F7 - make step in step mode
          F8 - run code in current configuration
          F9 - run code in continuous mode
